this time I teach you to use a
revolving card
and the materials are a sheet of
cartonboard with our printed pattern
below I leave the link for between
travels
an exact one scissors a square and
colored paper or whatever you want
to decorate and from a cardboard what we're going
to make the cuts
The first thing we have to do is
cut out this boat with the help of the exact
and of d'esquadra
eye you have to leave the lines that are going
to do it for the folds
two
since you have the frame cut like this
we respect the two months we are going to
cut out the next figure
i
it is cut very carefully and in this
remember that you are going to bend the figure
entire
ah
the squad will also be useful for us
mark the folds in our frame
you only have to support yourself in squad
to mark a double up and a
fold down
ah
do not
since we have the two parts cut out
we are going to stick this with pencil
adhesive or with registration is very
important that the time to paste the
practices that the piece turns freely
this is going to be the cover and in this is the
where will you go to the text of
Our card
since you have your piece armed and that you see
that you turn is the moment to decorate
Y
or not
To decorate it, I'm going to use sheets of
paper but you can use what you
you can use ribbons you can use
any of the others that we already saw that
it can be done with filigree all
It depends on your imagination
Y
do not
i
and it's over do not forget to subscribe
to the channel and visit tips ideas dotcom
if you want ccoo paper labels
invitations and boxes to follow me on
twitter and facebook